Slim down the text before table 2 (#246)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

~~~~
{: #fig-example-value title="Example JSON value"}

> {{tbl-example}} shows some JSONPath expressions and their intended results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{tbl-example}} shows some JSONPath queries that might be applied to this example and their intended results.
```

| `$..book[?(@.isbn)]`                      | filter all books with ISBN number                            |
| `$..book[?(@.price<10)]`                  | filter all books cheaper than 10                             |
| `$..*`                                    | all member values and array elements contained in input value |

> {: #tbl-example title="Example JSONPath expressions and their intended results"}

Reviewer: This used to refer to the previous table -- do we want to completely sever that link?

Author: Ah, probably not. I was fearful of making the table caption too verbose. I'll add back the link.

Author: Fixed.
